Added billing commandlets (#371)
DarqueWarrior/vsteam: .docs/Get-VSTeamUserProfile.md

<!-- #include "./common/header.md" -->

# Get-VSTeamUserProfile

## SYNOPSIS

<!-- #include "./synopsis/Get-VSTeamUserProfile.md" -->

## SYNTAX

## DESCRIPTION

<!-- #include "./synopsis/Get-VSTeamUserProfile.md" -->

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get user profile by id

```powershell
$myProfile = Get-VSTeamUserProfile -Id f6e38832-6804-464f-9cf9-4aaa97327cfc
```

> ### Example 2: Get user currents user profile

Author: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Get current users profile
```

```powershell
$myProfile = Get-VSTeamUserProfile -MyProfile
```

## PARAMETERS

> ### -MemberId

Author: ```suggestion
### -Id
```

> Gets all organizations where the user is a member.

Author: ```suggestion
Gets the user profile with the given id.
```
